README.md, before:

# Spring 2025 Version Control with Git and GitHub 👍

Hi, this repository is part of my Internship Ready Software Development course for the Spring of 2025. The project focuses on mastering the version control structure, being able to perform common tasks in this platform, be able to collaborate with others through remote repositories, and be able to command-Line Interface / Integrations with various IDEs


# Common Features

- Proficiency in Git commands and workflows.
- Understanding collaborative development using GitHub with the correct permissions. 
- Effective structuring and format within projects. 
- Managing commits and labelling them properly. 


# How to Use 

1. Clone the repository
   
```
git clone https://github.com/your-username/version-control-project.git
cd version-control-project
```

2. Create a new feature branch

```
git checkout -b feature-branch
```

3. Clone the repository
   
```
git add .
git commit -m "Added new feature"
git push origin feature-branch
```

4. Submit a Pull Request

# Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, please open an issue with the project or submit a request through the repository that follows the guidelines.

# License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/JuanMacias153/Spring2025/blob/main/LICENSE.txt) file for details.

Commit message:

Update README.md for requirements
The dependencies file was added earlier through a commit. This specific commit ensures that new viewers are able to use that file in order to have all the required dependencies in order to contribute correctly.

README.md, after:

# Spring 2025 Version Control with Git and GitHub 👍

Hi, this repository is part of my Internship Ready Software Development course for the Spring of 2025. The project focuses on mastering the version control structure, being able to perform common tasks in this platform, be able to collaborate with others through remote repositories, and be able to command-Line Interface / Integrations with various IDEs


# Common Features

- Proficiency in Git commands and workflows.
- Understanding collaborative development using GitHub with the correct permissions. 
- Effective structuring and format within projects. 
- Managing commits and labelling them properly. 


# How to Use 

1. Clone the repository
   
```
git clone https://github.com/your-username/version-control-project.git
cd version-control-project
```

2. Create a new feature branch

```
git checkout -b feature-branch
```

3. Clone the repository
   
```
git add .
git commit -m "Added new feature"
git push origin feature-branch
```

4. Submit a Pull Request

# Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, please open an issue with the project or submit a request through the repository that follows the guidelines. Furthermore, make sure to install the dependencies that are required in order to work with any python programming. 

To install these dependencies, run: 

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
which will use the dependencies from the [file in this repository](https://github.com/JuanMacias153/Spring2025/blob/main/requirements).


# License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/JuanMacias153/Spring2025/blob/main/LICENSE.txt) file for details.
